Add check data section for custom DC guide (#301)
datacommonsorg/docsite: custom_dc/prepare_data.md

value: C:data->Population
```

### Date and Place Formats

Please check [Supported Date and Place
Formats](https://datacommons.org/import/#supported-formats)

> ## Check Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing Data
```
Testing, or Verifying or Validating data

Author: Done

> Before uploading Data into custom instance, make sure to run [Import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before uploading the data into custom instance, make sure to run [Import
```

Author: Done

Checker](https://github.com/datacommonsorg/import#using-import-tool) and make

> sure there is no format or other issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sure there are no formatting or other issues.
```

Author: done
